fix: partial push & persistent query support for window bounds columns (#4401)
confluentinc/ksql: docs-md/developer-guide/create-a-stream.md

key in the underlying Kafka topic. If the value of the message key in
the topic is the same as one of the columns defined in the stream, you
can specify the key in the WITH clause of the CREATE STREAM statement.

> If you later use this column name to perform a join or a repartition KSQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use this column name later to perform a join or a repartition, ksqlDB
```

> knows no repartition is needed. In effect, the named column becomes an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
knows that no repartition is needed. In effect, the named column becomes an
```

[...]
```

Create a Stream backed by a new Kafka Topic
-------------------------------------------

Use the CREATE STREAM statement to create a stream without a preexisting 
topic by providing the PARTITIONS count, and optionally the REPLICA count,
in the WITH clause.

> Taking the example of the pageviews table from above, but where the underlying

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taking the example of the `pageviews` table from above, but where the underlying
```

Kafka topic does not already exist, you can create the stream by pasting
the following CREATE STREAM statement into the CLI:

```sql
CREATE STREAM pageviews
  (viewtime BIGINT,
   userid VARCHAR,
   pageid VARCHAR)
  WITH (KAFKA_TOPIC='pageviews',
        PARTITIONS=4,
        REPLICAS=3
        VALUE_FORMAT='DELIMITED')
  EMIT CHANGES;
```

> This will create the pageviews topics for you with the supplied partition and replica count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This statement creates the `pageviews` topics with the supplied partition and replica count.
```

```
     Query ID               | Kafka Topic     | Query String

     CSAS_PAGEVIEWS_INTRO_0 | PAGEVIEWS_INTRO | CREATE STREAM pageviews_intro AS       SELECT * FROM pageviews       WHERE pageid < 'Page_20' EMIT CHANGES;

> 

Author: Updated inline with current formatting.
